                                  SOME TYPE OF FLAT






One day Simon Eels moved into Eggtree Lodge support home and was shocked to find that his bedroom was only six foot wide by six foot. This meant that he had to use the wall as a wardrobe, right above the back of his bed where he was sleeping, with the risk that the clothes hung up on the wall - drobe could collapse right down on top of him whilst he was sleeping. In order to counteract this he installed a pram hood on top of his pillow. 
Not only did the occupier use  the wall used as a wardrobe he also had to put his shoe rack right on the wall above his bed. Although the pram hood provided protection against the clothes falling off the wall it didn't shield Simon Eels from shoes falling down on top of him whilst he was asleep. The shoes could crash right through the pram hood and go, smack, right down on his head. That's the risk he had to take, and if it did ever happen he wouldn't be able press the red cord alarm because he would be in a coma. It would only come to light in the morning when one of the staff would ring on his door and get no response. He or she would get another member of staff and bring up the master key to unlock Simon's flat and call an ambulance.
There was one other option. That was to sleep on the floor in the lounge, and he did in the end. The danger was eventually resolved by putting the shoes in the lounge on top of a settee.
the lounge was a bit bigger- seven foot wide.

Simon Eels had a fridge and how small it was, only two foot high so he had to store his bread and drinks in a briefcase. because bread could decay so quickly in a briefcase he had to eat it in one go with the result that it could make him burp as loud as a bomb causing the houses outside to collapse.
if the bread did decay so fast considering it was kept in a briefcase it would pong and stink like a rotten egg chucked down a toilet bowl.

Not only was the fridge so tiny it was also hot inside. This meant that whenever you put food inside it would rot five minutes later. As it happened one of the staff happen to be walking in when she checked the fridge, and when she opened it it let out a terrible pong.
All the food inside had rotted away. In the end the tenant had to make to with take away meals because he could eat them straight away, but had to eat them the same day. Luckilly he went to a day centre which provided meals. Because he had to buy a take away meal during the day he had to go without breakfast due to a hot fridge.
In the end the faulty fridge had to be replaced. This meant that he had to spend all his life savings, and has he had no money for dinner in his day centre he had to do without. Luckilly there was other food stored in the centre in which he could eat at anytime.

Simon Eels often yearned for the roomy home he left behind never to return to it.